Add FAQ for estimating pricing (#6775)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/docs/feature-flags/common-questions.mdx

Evaluating feature flags requires making a request to PostHog. However, you can [evaluate feature flags locally](/docs/feature-flags/bootstrapping-and-local-evaluation#server-side-local-evaluation) instead – without having to make a request to PostHog.

## How can I estimate the number of feature flag requests I'll be charged for?

### Frontend SDKs

We make a request to get feature flags every time the posthog SDK is initialised, whenever user identity changes, or whenever you set new properties on the person.

For your frontend, you can estimate feature flag requests roughly by doing the following:

1. Open your product page, and check the networks tab in chrome inspector tools for the number of `/decide` requests.
2. Find out your number of monthly page views

A rough estimate for the total requests is (1)*(2). For example, if on refresh, you see 2 `/decide` requests per pageview and you have ~150,000 pageviews, your monthly feature flag requests should be around ~300,000.

### Backend SDKS

> If you're not using local evaluation, a request to get feature flags is made every time you call `posthog.get_feature_flag()` on your backend. To estimate total usage here, you'll need to figure out what your business logic is for calling this - it could be once per request, in which case it's the same as the number of your backend API requests.
> 
> If you're using local evaluation, the number of requests per day is always 10*(number of posthog instances initialised per server)*(number of servers)*(60 / posthog SDK's poll interval in seconds)*60*24
> 
> So, for example, if your poll interval is 30 seconds (the default on most SDKs), and you have one server, and one posthog instance, your number of requests per day comes out to be 10*(60/30)*60*24, or 28,800 per day.
> 
> Note that local evaluation costs are independent of how many times you evaluate feature flags. So, more often than not, it's a good deal to use local evaluation on your backend.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

#### Without local evaluation 

If you're not using [local evaluation](/docs/feature-flags/local-evaluation), a request to get feature flags is made every time you call `posthog.get_feature_flag()` on your backend. Your estimated usage will be however many times you are calling this code.

#### With local evaluation

If you're using [local evaluation](https://posthog.com/docs/feature-flags/local-evaluation), each local evaluation request charges 10 credits and by default are made every 30 seconds. Thus assuming your server is constantly running and making 2 requests per minute, your will be charged `10 * 2 * 60 * 24 * 30 = 864,000 credits` each month.

Note that this figure is for a single server and a single instance of PostHog. If you have multiple servers or multiple instances of PostHog, you will need to multiply your estimates too.
```

Evaluating feature flags requires making a request to PostHog. However, you can [evaluate feature flags locally](/docs/feature-flags/bootstrapping-and-local-evaluation#server-side-local-evaluation) instead – without having to make a request to PostHog.

## How can I estimate the number of feature flag requests I'll be charged for?

### Frontend SDKs

> We make a request to fetch feature flags when:
> 
> 1. The PostHog SDK is initialized
> 2. A user is [identified](/docs/data/identify) 
> 3. A user's [properties](/docs/product-analytics/user-properties) are updated.
> 4. You ask us to reload feature flags (`posthog.reloadFeatureFlags()`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We make a request to fetch feature flags (using the [`/decide` endpoint](https://posthog.com/docs/api/post-only-endpoints#feature-flags)) when:

1. The PostHog SDK is initialized
2. A user is [identified](/docs/data/identify) 
3. A user's [properties](/docs/product-analytics/user-properties) are updated.
4. You call `posthog.reloadFeatureFlags()` in your code.
```

> 4. You ask us to reload feature flags (`posthog.reloadFeatureFlags()`)

Reviewer 2: I think this is a section separate from estimating. It should be an h2 above and leave this section as just the `/decide` estimation. Knowing this doesn't help you estimate, but it is useful.

For the [JavaScript web SDK](/docs/libraries/js), you can estimate how many feature flag requests you will make by doing the following:

1. Check the networks tab in Chrome inspector tools for the number of `/decide` requests.
2. Find out your number of monthly page views
3. Multiply the number your number of `/decide` requests by your monthly page views

For example, if on refresh, you see 2 `/decide` requests per pageview and you have ~150,000 pageviews, your monthly feature flag requests should be around ~300,000.

### Backend SDKS

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

#### Without local evaluation 

If you're not using [local evaluation](/docs/feature-flags/local-evaluation), a request to get feature flags is made every time you call `posthog.get_feature_flag()` on your backend. Your estimated usage will be however many times you are calling this code.

#### With local evaluation

> If you're using [local evaluation](https://posthog.com/docs/feature-flags/local-evaluation), each local evaluation request charges 10 credits and by default are made every 30 seconds. Thus assuming your server is constantly running and making 2 requests per minute, your will be charged `10 * 2 * 60 * 24 * 30 = 864,000 credits` each month.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you're using [local evaluation](/docs/feature-flags/local-evaluation), each local evaluation request charges 10 credits and by default are made every 30 seconds. Assuming your server is constantly running and making 2 requests per minute, you will be charged `10 * 2 * 60 * 24 * 30 = 864,000 credits` each month.
```

Reviewer 2: This is still such an intimidating amount to me 😅, but I guess we haven't had negative feedback on it.

Author: let me point you to how to reduce costs faq right below 🙈 . But yeah if we hear negative stuff I might just 10x the poll interval, which reduces the credits to 1/10th

> Note that this figure is for a single server and a single instance of PostHog. If you have multiple servers or multiple instances of PostHog, you will need to multiply your estimates too.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> **Note:** This figure is for a single server and a single instance of PostHog. If you have multiple servers, PostHog instances, or a different poll duration, you need to multiply your estimates too.
```
